In this and the next lecture I will introduce you to Ajax. And J quarry very briefly ajax stands for Asynchronous JavaScript and XML.
to understand Ajax. We need to know the two ways in  which a web client communicates to the application running on a server.
So when I client access as a web application from his browser the communication could be synchronous or asynchronous in synchronous the client sense in a  request and wait for the response to come back
until the response comes back from the application running on the server. He will not be able to take another action on the browser.


He just needs to wait and the response comes back he can send the next request by clicking on a button or by accessing url on the web page 
And then the response comes back. So here is a request response cycle is where everything is in sync. That is why it is called synchronous communication.

As a result the end user needs to wait quite a bit and he can do anything else when he sends in a request.
That is where I think honest communication with is possible using AJAX comes in and using AJAX that
plane from there you like and Sandomir request question he need not wait for the response to come back he can send in multiple requests and the responses will come back.


It's Incra honestly at some point later as a result he can perform something on the way instead of just waiting. It is very powerful especially when our web pages how multiple things on the way.
Each of these components can be updated asynchronously. So the end user will see something happening on the page and the responsiveness of our application to
the end user increases. Then we use AJAX. Let's take a look at a very simple realtime example.

Go to your web browser go to Google dot com and search for Google sign up you would already use to the screen.

Click on the very first link which says Create your Google account. This is the sign up page where you need to enter your details.
Let's say X Y Z ABC Budig an entry or name but tells you what a username I'm going to type.

But this is where asynchronous communication with the server is going to happen. I type parrot and I tabel or as soon as I tab to create a password as soon as onchange happens.
Here you see error message. So from this page and ajax call has been made to the Google's application and it checks if this is I mean it's already there in the Google database if it exists it is sending back an error message card
that username is the account.


So using AJAX we can perform AJAX calls and update partial ways in our application instead of submitting the end form at the end after filling in everything and then the user seeing a message here we can see
away as soon as he piped in goes to the next will. The validation has happened by making AJAX call all the way to the server to the database and he's able
to do the response right away.

So that is where Ajax is very powerful it improves the responsiveness of our web application in the
next few lectures.You will be making a similar AJAX call