You have injected the collection type into the instructor using the util schema and the value annotation.
You have used the spring expression language. 

This pound here is from spring expression language. In this and the next few lectures, we'll learn more about Spring Expression Language or SpEL. 

The Spring Expression Language supports parsing and executing expressions with the help of @Value annotation.


When we use an expression within the @Value annotation, the Spring container will evaluate it,
and at the end that expression will return a value.

It supports both primitive types as well as collections inside the expression.

An expression is a combination of classes, variables in the classes, methods, constructors and objects
and also symbols.


These symbols could be characters, numerics, operators, keywords and special symbols which at the end will
evaluate and return a value.


For example, here I have an expression. An expression will always go into the @Value annotation.
It starts with the pound symbol or a hash symbol.


This tells the container that it should evaluate this expression. Within flower brackets, we write our expression.
In this case we are adding two integers.


The container will add these two integers and it will inject that value wherever we are using this annotation
on whichever field we are using this annotation.

In this case the result will be 110. Another example, for integer type expression is 5 is greater than 6. We are using a ternary operator here.
Starts with pound again.

Inside it we have the ternary operator. If it evaluates to true, then the value on the left hand side will
be assigned or injected into the field. If not the value on the right hand side.

So here in this case, this will evaluate to false. So 33 should be injected into the field wherever we are using this value annotation.

The spring container will automatically evaluate it and inject the value. These expressions can be used
or we can use static methods inside these expressions.

Object methods, variables and many more. You are going to see all that syntax in the next few lectures.
Let's start with the primitive type.

Go to Eclipse. Here instead of hardcoding this value to 10, let's inject a value.
Let's use this value from here. Within brackets, within double quotes, pound symbol, followed by flower brackets.


Within the braces or flower brackets, you can use whatever expression you want. I'm going to use 66+44.
Save it, run the test.

And the value if you see is 110. Let me maximize it.
It is not 10 anymore. It is 110. Spring container is evaluating our expression and it is injecting that value into the integer field
here. 

In the next few lectures, you will also learn how to use static methods, object methods etc; inside the expression.
