
The spring frame work is made up of 20 plus modules they are categorized into the core container model the
data access module, web module, AOP, instrumentation, testing and many more.
And we use some of these modules as required by our application as per the requirements of our application
when we build them.I walk you through some of the important ones here. 

The core container module is the heart of the Spring Framework.
It has the implementation for inversion off control and support for dependency injection.
It is responsible for maintaining the object's lifecycle in our application that is creating the object dependent
doing the dependency injection calling the init and destroy methods etc.

The data access module is a combination of multiple modules that is that JDBC ORM JMS transaction.
The JDBC module provides an abstraction layer over JDBC and makes it very easy for us the developers to use the JDBC API with very few lines of code,
you can perform JDBC operations or the database operations. 

The ORM module integrates with ORM frameworks such as hibernate and we can use Hibernate and several
other ORM tools in very simple steps, using spring JMS support,

We can send or produce and consume messages a transaction is a atomic unit of work.
The transaction module supports both programmatic as well as declarative transaction management.
AOP stands for Aspected Oriented Programming.

AOP allows us to inject code or services into our objects without modifying their classes using it we can configure cross-cutting concerns such as transaction management logging security etc. throughout
our application the web module is one of the very important modules and very much used in the JavaEE application development.
It comprises of the core web the MVC module web socket servlet and portlet modules. 

The core vett model provides the basic web oriented features such as file uploads initialization of
the spring container on a application server through servlet listeners and web oriented spring container our application contest
all that is a part of the web module or the web core module. The spring MVC is a complete implementation of the model view controller pattern and this is used to develop dynamic web applications.
The select model contains or it has the support for implementing basic web applications.

The portlet model provides the MVC implementation to be used in Portlet environment
Last but not the least the testing module supports testing spring applications using JUnit and testNG.
It also provides MOC objects that allow us to test our application layers in a javaEE application in isolation.
