In this lecture, you will learn what standalone collections are.
If you go to the springcore project and to the list package when you injected the list, open the
listconfig.xml.


Maximize it. The list itself was a part of the bean into which we were injecting it.
This makes the list local to the bean and we cannot reuse this list across beans. 

If we have more beans we cannot reuse this list.


Secondly, we were only using the default types.


That is by default Spring uses arraylist for list, linked hash set, for a set and so on.


This syntax does not allow you to change those types. You can't use a linked list etc.


That is where standalone collections come in. To implement standalone collections,


we use util schema. So  far you have used the c schema and p schema.

You have also used context namespace. You are going to use elements from an other namespace called util in Spring.


The first step is to add the namespaces to the bean element.
Once we add the new namespaces we can use the util prefix and util colon, the collection name. 

If it is a list it'll be a list, if it is a map it will be a map, set it'll be a set and then followed by
list.


For example if it is a list, it'll be the collection name, list hyphen,
the class, is equal to whatever class you want to use. If you want to use linked list,
it will be java.util.linkedlist. 

The complete qualified list name should go into the double quotes.

You give it a unique name or an id and within the body we can use value if it is a list.
If it is a map we'll use an entry and close the util.


Once you define it like this, this is outside a bean, allowing re-usability.

This Id can then be used within the ref tag of any bean and we can inject it into any bean or multiple
beans in our application.


Secondly, we can specify the type as you have seen here using the collection hyphen class,
we can specify the exact type of list or set or map that we want to inject.


You will see that in action in the next lecture.So remember two steps.

Import the namespaces or include the namespaces to use the util schema, then use the following syntax.
