
From the spring container introduction lecture you have learnt that the spring container takes two inputs.
The first is the Java Beans or the Java classes in our application of which the container will create the objects of
and the second is xml configuration file which we create through which we tell the container how it should do the dependency injection
when it creates these objects. 

In this lecture, I'm going to quickly show you a couple of these configuration files which you will be creating from
scratch starting the next section.

The root element of the spring configuration xml file is the beans element and it wraps all the other
elements inside it.

It has several name spaces here and prefixes for them the default name space is right here xmlnx and that stands for xml namespace.
All the elements that we use here without any prefix belong to this particular namespace.
spring framework dot org forward slash schema slash beans.

There are several other name spaces and prefixes defined here like context C schema B schema util etc. which you'll be learning and using in the next few sections.
The bean element is what we use to define a particular bean or a class. Spring will create an instance of this particular class which we define here and we also assign it a name.

Again you will be typing all this from scratch in the next few lectures. when we use constructor injection here for this addition class.
It requires two arguments two numbers.

I'm using constructor injection. So I'm using elements sub element for bean called constructor hypen arg im providing the dependency.
Similarly I am using it again to provide the second parameter to that constructor. If we are using setter injection this is how it would look like instead of the constructor
inside the bean element the subelements will be property a name and a value, the spring container will then do the setter injection instead of constructor injection.

It will invoke the set numb one method on this object and set numb 2 method and inject this value.

Whereas incase of constructor it will invoke the parameterized constructor and it'll pass in these two values to that constructor.
So in this lecture you have learnt about the spring configuration file which is a dot xml file, the root element is beans which has all the namespace is defined.
And one of the child elements which you use the most to define classes and objects is the bean.

Each bean element tells the spring that it should create an object of a particular class by using either constructor injection or setter injection.
